Don't follow the rules of Dongli
You have to enter the palace for dinner first and then
Meet the Emperor and Queen
Civil and military officials
Then in front of everyone
Uncover the head for the second sister-in-law
Tell him
Don't even think about it.
If the eldest lady does not go
2 The lady will kill the slaves
Please save the slaves
Forget it, I won't embarrass you.
I will go by myself after writing brilliantly
You take good care of your father here
mother
Why do you have to let that bitch lift my head?
Why should my wedding make him in the limelight?
Silly girl, do you really have to let him show off?
That little bitch has a face full of poison
It will only be your white lining
that
Rong'er, don't worry.
Mother will definitely let him lose it all
Miss Jiang is here
Today is your sister's wedding day
What gift have you prepared as a sister?